update tutorial to new layout (#3598)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/building-operators/ansible/tutorial.md

This guide walks through an example of building a simple memcached-operator powered by Ansible using tools and libraries provided by the Operator SDK.

## Prerequisites

> - [docker][docker-tool] version 17.03+.
> - [kubectl][kubectl-tool] version v1.11.3+.
> - [Ansible Operator SDK Installation][ansible-operator-install] v1.0.0+
> - Access to a Kubernetes v1.11.3+ cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Install `operator-sdk`][operator_install] and the [Ansible prequisites][ansible-operator-install] 
- Access to a Kubernetes v1.16.0+ cluster.
```

Reviewer: Motivations:
- Otherwise, you will unable to apply the CRDs. They are using v1. 
- Less verbose.

## Creating an Operator

In this section we will:
  - extend the Kubernetes API with a [Custom Resource Definition][custom-resources] that allows users to create `Memcached` resources.

>   - create a manager that updates the state of the cluster to the desired state defined by `Memcached` resources.

Reviewer: I do not think that it is required at all. If we are using operators we are extending k8s api always. 
I would prefer the docs less verbose as possible and more like how to's
At least if we need to describe something is a specific feature or just what brings value for the reader.

> #### Scaffold a New Operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Create a new Project
```
I use a lot the term `Scaffold ` but it is now because of the team. It was very confusing for me when I started.

Reviewer: The term Operator is not really accurate because of this KB uses manager. I think we ought to stop to use that,

Author: ```suggestion
#### Scaffold a New Project
```

To avoid any language usage problems, I'd like to go with this. I want to use "scaffold" rather than "create" because the larger section is about creating an operator, this subsection is limited to generating new files using the scaffolder.

Begin by generating a new project from a new directory.

```sh
$ mkdir memcached-operator 
$ cd memcached-operator
$ operator-sdk init --plugins=ansible --domain example.com
```

Among the files generated by this command is a Kubebuilder `PROJECT`
file. Subsequent `operator-sdk` commands (and help text) run from the
project root read this file and are aware that the project type is
Ansible.

```sh
# Since this is an Ansible-based project, this help text is Ansible specific.
$ operator-sdk create api -h
```

Next, we will create a `Memcached` API.

```sh

> $ operator-sdk create api --generate-playbook --group cache --version v1alpha1 --kind Memcached --generate-role

Reviewer: Do we need both flags `--generate-playbook` `--generate-role` for the example. Are we not using just the role here? 
Also, I think is better add them at the end to make clear GKV --options

Author: I think this suggestion landed in the wrong spot.

```

This memcached role will:
- Ensure a memcached Deployment exists
- Set the Deployment size

It is good practice to set default values for variables used in Ansible
Roles, so edit `memcached-operator/roles/memecached/defaults/main.yml`:

```yaml
---
# defaults file for Memcached
size: 1
```

Finally, update the `Memcached` sample, `memcached-operator/config/samples/cache_v1alpha1_memcached.yaml`:

```yaml
apiVersion: cache.example.com/v1alpha1
kind: Memcached
metadata:
  name: memcached-sample
spec:
  size: 3
```

The key-value pairs in the Custom Resource spec are passed
to Ansible as extra variables.

__Note:__ The names of all variables in the spec field are converted to
snake_case by the operator before running ansible. For example,
serviceAccount in the spec becomes service_account in ansible. You can
disable this case conversion by setting the `snakeCaseParameters` option
to `false` in your `watches.yaml`. It is recommended that you perform some
type validation in Ansible on the variables to ensure that your
application is receiving expected input.

#### Finishing up

All that remains is building and pushing the operator container to your favorite registry.

``` sh

> $ IMG=quay.io/someuser/image:v1.0.0 make docker-build && make docker-push

Reviewer: It might works. But has a better way to do the same. 
```suggestion
$  make docker-build docker-push IMG=<some-registry>/<project-name>:tag
```

```

> **Note** To allow the cluster to pull the image, the repository needs to be set to public. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: To allow the cluster pull the image the repository needs to be set as public or you must configure an image pull secret
```

It is good practice to set default values for variables used in Ansible
Roles, so edit `memcached-operator/roles/memecached/defaults/main.yml`:

```yaml
---
# defaults file for Memcached
size: 1
```

Finally, update the `Memcached` sample, `memcached-operator/config/samples/cache_v1alpha1_memcached.yaml`:

```yaml
apiVersion: cache.example.com/v1alpha1
kind: Memcached
metadata:
  name: memcached-sample
spec:
  size: 3
```

The key-value pairs in the Custom Resource spec are passed
to Ansible as extra variables.

__Note:__ The names of all variables in the spec field are converted to
snake_case by the operator before running ansible. For example,
serviceAccount in the spec becomes service_account in ansible. You can
disable this case conversion by setting the `snakeCaseParameters` option
to `false` in your `watches.yaml`. It is recommended that you perform some
type validation in Ansible on the variables to ensure that your
application is receiving expected input.

#### Finishing up

All that remains is building and pushing the operator container to your favorite registry.

``` sh
$ IMG=quay.io/someuser/image:v1.0.0 make docker-build && make docker-push
```

> **Note** To allow the cluster to pull the image, the repository needs to be set to public. 

Reviewer 2: You could also configure the cluster to be able to pull images from a private repo, we don't need to explain how to do that but might be good to mention that they don't **have** to use publicly accessible images

Author: ```suggestion
**Note** Make sure the repository is accessible by the cluster.
```

Reviewer 3: I other docs, I added "or you must configure an image pull secret."

```

Verify that Memcached pods are created

```sh
$ kubectl get pods

NAME                                                     READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
memcached-operator-controller-manager-7b667d9979-4jkfb   2/2     Running   0          14s
memcached-sample-memcached-6456bdd5fc-8zgjf              1/1     Running   0          5s
memcached-sample-memcached-6456bdd5fc-hjkrp              1/1     Running   0          5s
memcached-sample-memcached-6456bdd5fc-mcqc5              1/1     Running   0          5s
```

#### Cleanup

Clean up the resources:

```sh
$ make undeploy
```

## Next Steps

We recommend reading through the our [Ansible development
section][ansible-developer-tops] for tips and tricks, including how to
run the operator locally.

In this tutorial, the scaffolded `watches.yaml` could be used as-is, but
has additional optional features. See [watches reference][ansible-watches].

For brevity, some of the scaffolded files were left out of this guide.
See [Scaffolding Reference][layout-doc]

This example built a namespaced scope operator, but Ansible operators
can also be used with cluster-wide scope. See the [operator scope][operator-scope] documentation.

> OLM will manage creation of most if not all resources required to run your operator, using a bit of setup from other operator-sdk commands. Check out the [OLM integration guide][quickstart-bundle].

Reviewer: Could we not be more directly and just say what is the next step. Something now read X to check Z

Author: At this point, the user will have just read through the tutorial which is pretty sparse. If they know what they need to do next and just need a link they can use the left-bar navigation, but this section is to give them hints on what they might need to do next, not just links.
